Add visual regression tests with Playwright (#345)
Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: In general I feel like the changes in this file don't make a lot of sense pedagogically 😅  As a new contributor I am very confused about what my workflow should be based on how the information is presented here. I would recommend breaking this up into sections with clear headings that address the main scenarios a contributor might have. Off the top of my head I can imagine a contributor would need to know:

1. how to check snapshot results in CI (e.g. when I accidentally broke something)
2. how to check snapshot results locally
2. how to update snapshot images when I make an intentional change

We are in the process of migrating our theme from Pytorch to Furo (see https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme/issues/232). To build the local docs using the Furo theme, use `THEME=_qiskit_furo` in front of the command, e.g. `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e docs`.

------
## Visual regression testing

We use visual regression testing via [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-snapshots) to take screenshots of the site and check that every change we make is intentional. If a screenshot has changed, the test will fail. You can inspect the folder `snapshot_results` to compare the before and after. If the change was intentional, then we update the expected screenshot:

> 1. Find the "actual" snapshot for the failing test, such as `footer-snapshot-has-not-changed-1-actual.png`.

Reviewer: should step 1 be to run tests? I'm a bit confused that these instructions start with what to do with a failing test

Author: Because these instructions are relevant to both CI and to running locally with `npm test`. You don't need to ever run `npm test` locally for this workflow if you don't want.

I can try making this more clear?

> 2. Copy that snapshot into the folder `tests/js/snapshots.test.js-snapshots`. Rename the `-actual.png` file ending to be `-linux.png` and overwrite the prior file.

Reviewer: why do we need to rename the file from actual to linux?

Author: Because `snapshot_results` will call it `-actual.png`, but when it's in the folder `snapshots.test.js-snapshots`, Playwright will expect it to end in `-linux.png`.

This is how Playwright works. Not something we can adjust.

We upload `snapshot_results` in CI. So, you can get the changed snapshot from GitHub Actions:

1. Navigate to the GitHub Actions page for the "Tests" action.
2. Open the "Summary" page with the house icon.

> 3. Under the "Artifacts" section, there should be a "snapshot_results" entry. Download it.

Reviewer: I think this section should be under a heading like "Check snapshot test results in CI"

You can also run the tests locally. First, you need to install:

1. [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en). If you expect to use JavaScript in other projects, consider using [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm). Otherwise, consider using [Homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/node) or installing [Node.js directly](https://nodejs.org/en).
2. [Docker](https://www.docker.com). You must also ensure that it is running.
   * If you cannot install Docker Desktop (such as IBM contributors), you can use [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io). When installing, choose Moby/Dockerd as the engine, rather than nerdctl. To ensure it's running, open up the app "Rancher Desktop". 

Then, to run the tests locally:

1. `npm install`
2. Build the docs with Furo, `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e docs`
3. `npm test`

> You must rebuild the docs with `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e docs` whenever you make changes to the theme or docs folder. The docs will not automatically rebuild.

Reviewer: I think this section should be under a heading like "run snapshot tests locally"

------
## Visual regression testing

We use visual regression testing via [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-snapshots) to take screenshots of the site and check that every change we make is intentional. If a screenshot has changed, the test will fail. 

If the change was intentional, we need to update the screenshot. Otherwise, it means your change unintentionally impacted something, so you need to tweak your change.

The test runner creates a folder called `snapshot_results`, which is useful to determine what the difference is. For each failed test, there will be three files:

* `<my-test-name>-actual.png`, what your change resulted in.
* `<my-test-name>-expected.png`, what we expected.
* `<my-test-name>-diff.png`, a heat map showing where the differences are.

### How to check snapshot results in CI

We upload `snapshot_results` in CI. So, you can get the changed snapshot from GitHub Actions:

1. Navigate to the GitHub Actions page for the "Tests" action.
2. Open the "Summary" page with the house icon.
3. Under the "Artifacts" section, there should be a "snapshot_results" entry. Download it.

### How to check snapshot results locally

> You can also run the tests locally for faster iteration, although it requires a little setup. If you don't want to install the below tools, it is 100% okay to rely on CI for snapshot testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run the tests locally for faster iteration, although it requires a little setup. If you don't want to install the below tools, it's ok to just use CI for snapshot testing.
```

First, you need to install:

1. [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en). If you expect to use JavaScript in other projects, consider using [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm). Otherwise, consider using [Homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/node) or installing [Node.js directly](https://nodejs.org/en).
2. [Docker](https://www.docker.com). You must also ensure that it is running.
   * If you cannot install Docker Desktop (such as IBM contributors), you can use [Rancher Desktop](https://rancherdesktop.io). When installing, choose Moby/Dockerd as the engine, rather than nerdctl. To ensure it's running, open up the app "Rancher Desktop". 

Then, to run the tests locally:

1. `npm install`
2. Build the docs with Furo, `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e docs`
3. `npm run test-snapshots`

You must rebuild the docs with `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e docs` whenever you make changes to the theme or docs folder. The docs will not automatically rebuild.

> ### How to update the expected snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to update the expected snapshot when you make an intentional change
```
